General code cleanup, including threadsafety. (#29)
logstash-plugins/logstash-filter-cipher: CHANGELOG.md

> ## 4.0.1

Reviewer: Seems like there are enough code changes here (esp. around thread safety and potential to leak keys in logs) to justify a minor (4.1.0)

Author: There are a lot of changes to the implementation details, but zero external features added (minor) and zero breaking changes (major); it exclusively fixes things that should have worked in the first place so I consider it to be a patch.

>   - Added threadsafety; this plugin can now be used in pipelines with more than one worker.

Author: these all came together in a single PR, so I'm not sure how linking should work to align with our changelog standards

Reviewer: What about something like: 
```

## 4.0.1
  - General improvements to code and docs [#29](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-filter-cipher/pull/29)
    - Added threadsafety; this plugin can now be used in pipelines with more than one worker.
    - Fixed a potential leak of the configured key into logs; the key is now only included if trace-level logging is enabled.
    - Fixed an issue where configurations that used invalid `mode` or `algorithm` settings could produce unhelpful error messages.
    - Fixed an issue where a bad payload could cause the plugin to crash; when exceptions are encountered, the offending event will now be tagged with `_cipherfiltererror`.
    - Improved documentation substantially

```

Author: Ah, ye olde nested bullets. I like it.

>   - Added threadsafety; this plugin can now be used in pipelines with more than one worker.

Reviewer: Please consider adding the PR link (MD format). The link is helpful in the changelog, but is especially helpful when we generate release notes.

  - Fixed a potential leak of the configured key into logs; the key is now only included if trace-level logging is enabled.
  - Fixed an issue where configurations that used invalid `mode` or `algorithm` settings could produce unhelpful error messages.
  - Fixed an issue where a bad payload could cause the plugin to crash; when exceptions are encountered, the offending event will now be tagged with `_cipherfiltererror`.

>   - Improved documentation substantially

Reviewer: Heck yeah you did!  :-D. Thank you!

>   - Added threadsafety; this plugin can now be used in pipelines with more than one worker.
>   - Fixed a potential leak of the configured key into logs; the key is now only included if trace-level logging is enabled.
>   - Fixed an issue where configurations that used invalid `mode` or `algorithm` settings could produce unhelpful error messages.
>   - Fixed an issue where a bad payload could cause the plugin to crash; when exceptions are encountered, the offending event will now be tagged with `_cipherfiltererror`.
>   - Improved documentation substantially

Author: ```suggestion
  - General improvements to code and docs [#29](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-filter-cipher/pull/29)
    - Fixed threadsafety; this plugin can now be used in pipelines with more than one worker.
    - Fixed a potential leak of the configured key into logs; the key is now only included if trace-level logging is enabled.
    - Fixed an issue where configurations that used invalid `mode` or `algorithm` settings could produce unhelpful error messages.
    - Fixed an issue where a bad payload could cause the plugin to crash; when exceptions are encountered, the offending event will now be tagged with `_cipherfiltererror`.
    - Improved documentation substantially.
```

Author: @karenzone ^^ incorporates a couple things:
 - your nested bullet-point suggestion
 - your request for a link to this PR
 - `s/Added threadsafety/Fixed threadsafety/` -- it really was a bug after all.
